welcome to our first ever series in
Europe
[Music]
whenever we arrive in a new city for
some reason we become obsessed with
wanting to see it from one of its
highest points being able to visualize
and appreciate a city from the top
before we really get to explore it often
feels quintessential for us to
understand it now given that 15 million
people visit Paris every single year
there's obviously a tourist the way you
can achieve that and then there's
another route chasing rooftops the
thrill of finding our own roof we can
appreciate the view from without
boutiques and other people blocking our
view is something we crave but the
reality on adventures like this is that
the reward is not the main goal further
the excitement that comes in the process
is going from one attempt to the other
while making a bunch of new friends
along the way we obviously do not
recommend that you try this on your own
but here is our attempt at finding the
perfect view in one of the most
beautiful cities on the planet good to
see you thank you for coming
[Music]
I'll just snuck away into the school
hold the book
[Music]
it's like a perfect location we're just
not Heine now we're gonna try and find
one for the top of Paris that's your
ideal I'm donkey you got my son
Keeaumoku Dona Sofia Tomoko clear did
you move on okay enjoy stick with the
coolest next round we're gonna move max
apparently this guy on Twitter so that
he scouted some spots to get with Tom
since high school
he's five years younger the Thomas
didn't investors say he knows his father
and the quest for the best view in Paris
continues yeah finally
yeah after months on Twitter this way
do you think we're gonna find a roof
somewhere what about maybe playing it
out to do over darkness and in
situations like this we just always rely
on human air one of these buildings
someone forgot to put down the roof when
they came down all right so we're trying
to find a roof with this guy the mom
wants to get up here cause it's the
highest building here
[Music]
okay Lamar just poke this foot stop the
door I'm pretending that he's on the
phone with someone in the building
[Music]
the human air theory for this one this
is gonna work
reflector careful you see my shoe polish
from Tamiya
miss Geist we saw a guy walk out the
door open just I saw these five military
guys carry the biggest guns not down to
be spotted by a military person
clattering what does it man need to do
to get out the Bears have to be a jump
from there to there and you guys wait
here to make sure there's no cops that
there's cops
good luck I feel like a robber and I
don't like it let's think the in
situations like this just ask the locals
[Music]
or the latest it seems to be local so
you can ask where yes okay they just
said that you will actually get the best
view from like this particular parking
lot out there so this turned out to be
way harder than we expected but you know
sometimes you just gotta got a really
really want something and continue
fighting for it for it to work out so we
all went in our separate directions Paul
and Enzo went to the parking lot that
the girls have suggested and they
managed to get to the top but apparently
the view from top is incredible you can
see the whole city there's a security
guard so we just have to get past him
is that the guy
but compare different events on the
sense of empowerment already circumcised
the rest a comment subscribe director
all right we're here
Wow the Eiffel Towers right there
[Music]
there's nothing it gives me more anxiety
than just seeing him I'll do this by the
way all disclaimer do not try this at
home please Tamar is trained and does
not have any kind of fear of heights oh
so scary this is a straight drop guys
hold on real tight uh now I'm not scared
I'm just I'm just precautious Twitter DM
the rooftop in Paris choose I love the
city seeing Paris from a rooftop was
surreal I was born and raised in the
city and always dreamed of doing it but
just never seize the chance even though
it was terrifying for me
it certainly was a casual stroll for
Ammar but one thing's for sure the small
start in Paris got us more excited than
ever for the rest of the trip see you on
Tuesday
[Music]